1. http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/C++11

A chronic performance problem with C++03 is the costly and unnecessary 
deep copies that can happen implicitly when objects are passed by value.

..

Rvalue references can provide performance benefits to existing code 
without needing to make any changes outside the standard library.

..

For safety reasons, some restrictions are imposed. A named variable will 
never be considered to be an rvalue even if it is declared as such; in 
order to get an rvalue, the function template std::move() should be 
used. 

..

Rvalue references can also be modified only under certain circumstances, 
being intended to be used primarily with move constructors.


2. http://stroustrup.com/C++11FAQ.html

In the C++11 standard library, all containers are provided with move 
constructors and move assignment and operations that insert new 
elements, such as insert() and push_back() have versions that take 
rvalue references. The net result is that the standard containers and 
algorithms quietly - without user intervention - improve in performance 
because they copy less.

..

Effects of move: Moving can be much more efficient than copying (see 
Move semantics). For example, move-based std::sort() and 
std::set::insert() has been measured to be 15 times faster than copy 
based versions. This is less impressive than it sounds because such 
standard library operations for standard library types, such as string 
and vector, are usually hand-optimized to gain the effects of moving 
through techniques such as replacing copies with optimized swaps. 
However, if your type has a move operation, you gain the performance 
benefits automatically from the standard algorithms.

..

Move operators: Containers now have move constructors and move 
assignments (in addition to the traditional copy operations). The most 
important implication of this is that we can efficiently return a 
container from a function:

The point here is that no vectors are copied. Rewrite this to return a 
free-store-allocated vector and you have to deal with memory management. 
Rewrite this to pass the vector to be filled as an argument to 
make_random() and you have a far less obvious code (plus an added 
opportunity for making an error).

..

There is a push_back version that takes an rvalue reference argument so 
that we can take advantage of string's move constructor. Note also the 
use of the unified initializer syntax to avoid verbosity.


3. http://stroustrup.com/bs_faq2.html

The standard containers hold copies of values, and copy a value when you 
put it into the container. This is essentially unbeatable for small 
values, but can be quite unsuitable for huge objects
